When I was in the military got a chance to go overseas quite a bit. I
did a year in Vietnam. And during that year in Vietnam I was given the
opportunity to do two R and Rs. Rest and relaxation, and those were
one week tours, one to Australia and one to Japan. Then when I went
back to the states almost immediately I was given opportunity doing
augmentation tour to help out the army linguist who were stationed
in northern Thailand a place called Udorn Tanay, just south of Vientiane
Laos. And so I was put on a plane and we flew to Taiwan, and
we flew from Taiwan to Hong Kong, and we flew from Hong Kong to Bangkok,
spent a couple days in Bangkok, and then flew up country to Udorn
Tanay, where I spent three months and spent quite a bit of time out
on the economy, that is traveling around locally in Thailand. And
one day we got a special opportunity to go up to the Mekong river and
sail up and down the Mekong river on one of the motor boats run up
and down the Mekong. When they got in the reserves most of my duty
was stateside but I had six tours overseas. One of those tours was
Naples Italy where I spent almost three weeks doing augmentation tour.
I spent two weeks in London, I did another two weeks in London and
then spent three tours in northern Japan, Northen Honshu in Japan
at a place called Misawa. So I've been overseas quite a bit, also spent
about a week in Okinawa coming and going to Vietnam. Have not been
station other than that overseas